New registration (#4762)
perma-id/w3id.org: italia/stat/readme.md

> Repository (italia/stat) for redirecting to ontologies and data of the Linked ISTAT system (the Linked Open Data and the network of ontologies of the Italian National Statistical Institute, ISTAT)
> ISTAT intend to use w3id.org to provide persistent URIs for the network of ontologies and data that the Institute develope in the context of the Linked data system and in specific progects on semantic web as National Data Catalog. 
> ISTAT intend to use w3id.org/italia/stat for national persistent URIs for environmental information of the public sector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Repository (italia/stat) for redirecting to ontologies and data of the Linked ISTAT system (the Linked Open Data and the network of ontologies of the Italian National Statistical Institute, ISTAT)

ISTAT intend to use w3id.org to provide persistent URIs for the network of ontologies and data that the Institute develope in the context of the Linked data system and in specific progects on semantic web as National Data Catalog. 

ISTAT intend to use w3id.org/italia/stat for national persistent URIs for environmental information of the public sector.
```

Reviewer 2: Probably it should be "ISTAT intend**s** to use"

> The initially plan start to create:
> 
> w3id.org/italia/stat/onto for all the ontologies of the network mentioned above
> w3id.org/italia/stat/controlled-vocabulary for all the vocabularies
> w3id.org/italia/stat/data for all the other types of data
> Some redirect rules will be to the github repository of ISTAT used as semantic assets repo, open to all; others to the ISTAT server.
> 
> Contacts:
> 
> Roberta Radini: github (https://github.com/RRRoby - email: radini@istat.it)
> Manlio Salvatore Paterniti: github (https://github.com/mspist - email: paterniti@istat.it)
> Vincenzo Piscitelli: github (https://github.com/PiscitelliV - email: vincenzo.piscitelli@istat.it)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The initial plan is to create:

- w3id.org/italia/stat/onto for all the ontologies of the network mentioned above
- w3id.org/italia/stat/controlled-vocabulary for all the vocabularies
- w3id.org/italia/stat/data for all the other types of data

Some redirect rules will be to the github repository of ISTAT used as semantic assets repo, open to all; others to the ISTAT server.

### Contacts

- Roberta Radini: github (https://github.com/RRRoby - email: radini@istat.it)
- Manlio Salvatore Paterniti: github (https://github.com/mspist - email: paterniti@istat.it)
- Vincenzo Piscitelli: github (https://github.com/PiscitelliV - email: vincenzo.piscitelli@istat.it)
```
